[Music]
everyone line out drinks to the sky
hands away from your body now
I need an electric I'm an electric I'm
wondering why a guy like you that in the
fan we need to know who we're working
with
my mom's sick I need money
okay sooo easy different
I'll be design Elektra strong there's no
house strong and light it I need time to
walk how do you want to live in this
life let's go hide our powers if you see
something that you want take it we
tracking is one electric across multiple
crimes execute
you got mixed up with some bad people
cross that line there's no coming back
if I lose her I got nothing left we got
another job coming up you have one shot
it's the punk kid misses I want he won't
[Music]